= Knife ELB

= DESCRIPTION:

A knife plugin for managing instances under ELB

= INSTALLATION:

Be sure you are running the latest version Chef. Versions earlier than 0.10.0 don't support plugins:

    gem install chef

This plugin depends upon the knife-ec2 plugin

    gem install knife-ec2

This plugin is distributed as a Ruby Gem. To install it, run:

    gem install knife-elb

Note: Depending on your system's configuration, you may need to run this command with root/ sudo privileges.

= CONFIGURATION:
Ditto as knife-ec2 configuration. i.e. put you aws credentials in knife.rb or pass them as command line arguments
{knife-ec2}[https://github.com/opscode/knife-ec2]


= SUBCOMMANDS:

This  plugin provides following knife subcommands

== knife elb list

Lists all the ELBs

== knife elb show ELB

    knife elb show infra-staging
Shows the details of a specified load-balancer e.g. infra-staging
Where, ELB is exitsing ELB-ID

== knife elb instance add ELB INSTANCE_ID

    knife elb instance add infra-staging i-dg12b7bd
This will add an instance with INSTANCE_ID (i-dg12b7bd) to an exitsing ELB-ID (infra-staging)

== knife elb instance delete 

    knife elb instance delete infra-staging i-dg12b7bd
This will detach instance with INSTANCE_ID (i-dg12b7bd) from an exitsing ELB-ID (infra-staging)



Note: knife elb does not create & delete elbs or change listener configurations.
= LICENSE:

Author:: Ranjib Dey (<dey.ranjib@gmail.com>)
Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2013.
License:: Apache License, Version 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

